Cloud changelog - March 30th (#5483)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)
- [Release 2022-03-02](#release-2022-03-02)
- [Release 2022-02-16](#release-2022-02-16)
- [Release 2022-02-10](#release-2022-02-10)

## Release 2022-03-30

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - For Apps, calls are now separated between submit, form, refresh and lookup calls.

Author: Is there anything else that Cloud users should know about this? @larkox

Reviewer: This is more intended for Apps developers than for users. The experience for users has not changed.

Reviewer: The only potential change if they have already created their own apps, that may stop working, since they have to be updated to the new system, but since, I think, there are not many people creating apps out there apart of us, should be no problem.

>  - A new field was added to the client configuration to let clients know the database schema version of the server. The applied database migrations have also been added to the **System Console**.

Reviewer 2: Depending on where this is shown in the System Console, this may not apply for Cloud

Author: @isacikgoz Let me know if this impacts cloud or just self-managed.

Reviewer 3: I think cloud instances does not have access to database page on system console. At least I'd expect so :)

Reviewer 4: Correct. Cloud instances do not include the Environment section in the System Console.

>  - Logs from third-party libraries are now included in default logging configuration.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Logs from third-party libraries are now included in the default logging configuration.
```

>  - Improved the license upload flow.

Reviewer 2: This is only for self-managed license management so we can remove this for Cloud

 - Added performance metrics related to plugin loading on page load.
 - Changed the Mattermost indigo theme to match the dark theme in code blocks.

>  - Added ``threadAutoFollow`` config setting to the **System Console**.

Reviewer 4: Where was this config setting added? Might be worth specifying the full System Admin path here.

>  - The start menu start-trial CTA presents a modal exposing the benefits the client gets by starting the trial, encouraging admins to request a trial license and engage them with the product.

Reviewer 4: Are the words "start menu" needed here? Would the sentence be accurate without it? Is it a start trial call to action?

>  - The Start Trial CTA presents a modal exposing the benefits the client gets by starting the trial, encouraging admins to request a trial license and engage them with the product.

Reviewer 2: This is also only for Self-Managed

 - Updated in-product links to legacy domain about.mattermost.com.
 - The **More Actions** menu was restructured.
 - Added a copy button when hovering over code blocks.
 - Added a right-hand side panel to see and interact with channel information.
 - Added a post menu item to copy raw text.
 - Added additional performance debugging settings.

#### Performance
 - Improved performance when clearing notifications with Collapsed Reply Threads enabled.

#### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where ``ThreadStore.GetThreadsForUser`` did not count correctly when no team ID was specified.

>  - Fixed an issue where zip creation failed when adding attachments.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where ``zip`` file creation failed when adding attachments.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where emoji short codes written in markdown were not added to recently used emojis.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where emoji short codes written in Markdown were not added to recently used emojis.
```

>  - Fixed the positioning of SVGs in admin onboarding when the screen did not have a previous button.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Fixed the positioning of SVGs in admin onboarding when the screen doesn't have a previous button.
```

>  - Fixed an issue with displayed channel name in channel tutorial tip.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue with the displayed channel name in the channel tutorial tip.
```

>  - Fixed an issue with the clickable area for emojis in emoji picker to match visuals.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue with the clickable area for emojis in the emoji picker to match the interface.
```
